Update README.md (#130)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-dapps-registry: mathisfchx/nft-price-checker/README.md

```

### Deploy

> **_NOTE:_** the former Test Side chain, Viviani, is not available anymore;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_NOTE:_** the former iExec Test Sidechain, Viviani, is not available anymore;
```
